well howdy there Internet people its Bo
yeah so tonight we're going to talk
about small youtuber support now if
you're familiar with what's going on
don't do what you've been normally doing
on other channels we're going to amend
it just a little bit so for those that
don't know there's a whole bunch of
people at home a whole bunch of people
who have never had time to get their
voice out they find that they have time
now that means there's a whole bunch of
brand-new channels that don't have a lot
of people to listen to them yet don't
have a lot of people to watch a bunch of
voices and and nobody to hear them so
what these smaller channels have decided
is they're gonna make videos like this
and then people will come along in the
comment section and say hey I'm a small
youtuber as well and then they subscribe
to each other's pages makes sense in
theory we're gonna change that just a
little bit on here I found out about
this because YouTube's magical algorithm
was like hey you should watch this video
by Lizzy the gangster hippy I was like
ok why not because YouTube's algorithm
is normally pretty good it's how I found
out about it ok so rather than putting
just hey I'm a small youtuber write a
short description of what your channel
is about you may not actually just want
a whole bunch of subscribers if they're
not interested in it because what
happens is when you upload a video
YouTube sends out a signal
you know the notifications if people
don't respond to it it's actually gonna
hurt you in the long run it's better to
have a hundred subscribers who are truly
interested in your content then a
thousand who aren't going to go watch it
because if they're not watching it that
tells your YouTube that nobody's going
to watch your stuff so you won't enter
people interested in your content more
than subscribers you want people that
are truly wanting to see what you're
saying
more than just a big number so if you're
participating in this describe your
channel short little sentence tell us
what it is are my comments section is
normally pretty active
and we're always looking for new
channels to watch so hopefully you can
pick up subscribers who are actually
interested in the type of content you
put out I'm also going to pin a video
that I made a few months ago with advice
for new youtubers give it a watch or
don't don't feel obligated it's really
more for people who do news content than
it is just general content so it may not
even apply to you anyway for those on my
channel who normally watching this I
will get to into the why you need to get
prepared thing I'll try to get that out
maybe tomorrow morning I just saw this
and it's going on tonight I thought it
was pretty cool and I thought y'all
might enjoy seeing a bunch of new new
channels hearing some new voices anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night